unfortunate [Music]
reality poison this hit you with a kiss dring vom drip F gripping her lip M
poison this hit you with a kiss dring vom drip F gripping her lip Hallelujah
yo Cobra moving slow strike you with the glow deadly as you know poison to the
touch rubber duba dub the sea gave up it's dead overflowing cup Hades extra
love Thanos and Athena dance with Madia the voic is in the wind he not why you
listen qip number shouldn't mess with this my girl is poisonous purple raining
kiss Vampirella lives and that's my chick Dragon Venom drip Fang gripping
her lip Catherine of the wheel I've seen them M purple triple Beamer sticky icky
creeper The Muse dance with Mia cine Mia harvesting the dreamers nois hit you
with a kiss Dr Venom drip F gripping her lip M poison hit you with a kiss dring
DP welcome back to Lady Babylon this is initiating apocalypse yet again and do I
have the stuff for you tonight I have the weapons that you will
use to fight for reality to fight for the Muse of History
beautiful beautiful Cleo we're going to see her tonight and I'm going to take
you in as the ship is warming up now and as we're just going through the
SpaceTime boom right through that wave we're gonna go and I'm G to bring you to
the apocalypse I'm G to bring you to the apocalypse there's a reason that we've
been initiating
apocalypse tonight I have something for you remember
we work for the devil and when you work for the devil you cannot take money you
cannot take money yeah it's the way it is what I'm going to give you in 100%
genuine reality are some words that you have been owed these are the words of your
Awakening so that you might not
fear that second death fantastic do you hear my cult
terminology tonight everybody as we're getting ready to get off the ship you got to get your cult terminology going
right I want you showing up at the doors tonight to watch the ceremony and to be
saying things that people are looking at you like has anybody initiated that goofball right how did she get in here
initi appreciate her oh God right let's go people when we go in tonight we got
to be crisp we got to be strong the forces are out there we need that science and
reason to drive us home just as sharp as it can be just as sharp no BS tonight no
ideas no theories just ghosts we're bringing them
back from the dead baby we're bringing them back from the dead Howard oh yeah come on let's jump on the Almond
spaceship yes of course right you you can't help it you can't help it it's the quantum reality you can't help but be
carried through time and space when you're doing the necromancy let's go
let's go tonight thank you for coming um it's very important to me to be diligently protective of your time so I
want to give you everything just pow open up the doors let's go out people it's here it's here I want to bring you
up first though what do we do the star charts are screwed up tonight I need to give you the third just I did this on
purpose chewy I did it on purpose and I need ah I want I'll have to show you the
gift just a minute everybody off I'll show you the gift in five minutes just gather your stuff and let's go hit
it where are we we're in the beginning of the
Apocalypse apocalyps
you know what we're bringing tonight we're bringing the
Apocalypse of the Christ of the Christ are you ready are
you ready this is for us this is for us
give me the next one what's going to happen that was the that was the opening
okay um here is the word for those of you who are taking the Greek I want you to appreciate it
apocalypsis there is no dash they're just trying to show you where the prefix is and where the root is etc etc um
cupis is a hiding APO is taking that hiding away you are bringing something
to light when you stand in that mystery Temple it says know
yourself this is the Revelation are you ready give oh give me
the next one chew we got to go right in um watch here people here is that Apocalypto right I just okay fine to
disclose and to reveal I just want you to see I'm not lying to you hit me with the next one um fantastic um what is an
actual apokalupsis if you create it into you know turn it into a noun I want you
to notice it's an uncovering of something can be uncovering of different thanks tonight I'm going to
uncover for you the right are you ready especially look at that second line
especially of divine Mysteries oh my God mystery what is a mystery hit them they
don't know this hit them musterion musterion here it is here it
is love it people the Greek people we taking the Greek right now reading
through unit one m oilon Sigma R Yoda
Omron newon accent over the Ada oh God isn't
it isn't it gorgeous just to say it
mionion what is that muston well really look in the parentheses at the top
here's our muston um look at the parentheses that's what they're hiding from you right
that's what really counts those two words in parentheses um particularly the second one
mu why because I told everybody everything is coming from the verb in
ancient Greek that's the verb and what is that word what is that verb going to do I'll
show you in second but look here mystery of secret right right mystery the mysteries in the plural and then I want
you to see at the end of that line the Mysteries first in heraclitus who you
say the hell is heraclitus oh I love this bring out the dead bring
out the Dead come on heraclitus oh vigorous VI vigorous
butes will be on display it's fantastic
what is who is heraclitus he is a presocratic philosopher who blows people's minds I
told you I told you give him some images make him crazy I told
you that there is this power of ancient
Greek in the right position which is in your brain
that power can bring itself out in the logos this guy was flying on the logos
remember remember he's the guy who says things that nobody nobody really
understands nobody really understands it's too much heraclitus and you say
wait a minute why am I bringing the Revelation with heraclitus because this
is the place that the theologians can not go they cannot track the
language and that's what we're here to do the Tower of Babel only
works if Mother Greeks says so a you're going to love it tonight watch this give
me the next one oh God it's sizzling it's sexy sexy mute chewy get us to
there come on get us to there wait was that it are you sure um look I wanted you to see here people look at this look
at what I do for you look at what I do this is a text from the 19th century
it's Galen it's Galen look at how beautiful that paper is that paper is a couple hundred years old
you know when that stuff is new it looks just like this oh isn't that gorgeous
look at how it doesn't age it's Immortal baby they made Immortal paper in the
1820s to 40s oh god let's go look at the people I
said mystery right so I wanted to take you a place Dan isn't you know this is just a place that Dan and the Kips of
the world they can't go because they're training you know it just Falls it just
Falls a little short right you know there are Samurai and there are people who say their
Samurai and how do you know when they get in an arena you can see it's
skill watch this people this is Galen that's in the very middle of the page in that new paragraph he says Al on
not only is the word Christos or Christ
a drug term but in Antiquity they are so
cheeky that they name powerful compo uh compound
drug the mystery oh my God somebody would tell me some somebody some some
scholar somewhere ah right on his backside some some
scholar somewhere is going to say e is no association between mystery and
drugs and you want to squeeze their little heads like this like just like
that right why oh God the gospel is a drug term
salvation is a drug term
she touched his robe oh God here we go go back to the sources
bring it up the next one there was your drug formula by the way for those of you greeklings who are
reading and studying I recommend that you go to that text just flash that text
up it's got a recipe for the drug that you call the
mystery oh that's fantastic past the B's Blood let's go you didn't know they had
this kind of stuff did you but they did here's the verb mu to initiate into the Mysteries now I want to make a point
here Dan mlen the world-renowned um Theologian Bible
scholar um just all around you know
champion champion you see the plaques on on his walls oh my God he's got
plaques W Dan mlen says Almon merely went to the
bottom of the definition okay now it what does that
show it shows poor or inadequate training right he's not trying to be
this way he's being this way because his trainers didn't have the skill level with the language that they could raise
him up to the level that he can use a basic tool like a classical Greek
Lexicon yeah so if you track the word through this passage you see how it's set up all in blue you've got all the
Greek and blue who are the mysteries about gives you all the different Mysteries and all the different contexts
that you've got and then you get to definition number two and says generally to teach or instruct now if I jump down
and I choose definition number two it's it's not because that has nothing to do
with the rest of the word if you track these passages you will see what does it
mean to Mu yeah it does mean to educate to
instruct to a level during an initiation yes yes Dan the fact that
it's the bottom has nothing to do with it right the idea of the initiation and
instruction we are pulling those out artificially when you say Christ you say
apply a drug drug application it's what you're
saying it doesn't matter that you can't recognize it Dan it's still in the word
roots Roots have power and what these great great the the classical Lexica
that have been uh edited you don't say written you say edited those are fantastic now if you go um if you go
online and you try to pull down a a um lexicon of the New Testament you are
going to find the most deranged laughable
jokery those definitions are going to be sizzling with the spice of Theology and
they're not going to be good Lexica you don't need the scholar interfering with
the evidence we're just investigators and when you walk in that crime scene as
a theologian you urinate all over the floor do you know what you just did you
just destroyed all our DNA evidence you bonee head nice job it's contaminated
the whole scene is contaminated no court in the country would take this evidence
that is what Judaism Christianity
did to classical history and it's
why um uh Julian the emperor said who we
call the apostate right it's why Julian the emperor said you can't allow the monis
to do this to your education right to all of your writings
they are actively burning down libraries one of the things people don't realize is that mons like Christians in the
early in their earliest stages um one of the activities that they did on a
regular basis was burn down libraries burn down
libraries you know destroy monuments destroy statues
destroy Justice take her down we're atheists we don't follow your Gods we're
monest you have to understand that real pressure is an Antiquity hit the next one let's go to the this is going to get
good here's salvation people don't realize that salvation soia is a health
state is a state of health soia hit the
next one soia I want to fly through till we get to our promise because I had a gift for everybody tonight it's coming
it's coming I don't you hate going on a date and sitting down for dinner and you
know there's no gift there what kind of clown are you you know what I mean just
yeah come on man get some get some you know something eat some lettuce or
something I don't know Deliverance what is that deliverance from it's a deliverance from disease
it's a Deliverance from imbalance because that is what is
created when you have symptoms of something whether it's mental or physical your
diseases are all from in Balance now this is the this is the ancient Greek
physician talking right the person who's the Healer the great physician right this is
that side of the cult mystery okay it's a very medically oriented you got to
restore the balance blow that up again chewy let me make sure that we um yeah a
means of safety a way of returns look at number two keeping something safe right
right fantastic give me the next one so salvation we all need salvation right
how are we going to get it well watch what Peter says pay attention he says
finish finish off your tellos your the completion of your
faith because that is the Salvation the
so of your P all right now I'm going to introduce you I'm about to give you the gift but
then I'm going to introduce you to um uh a uh angels real angels are you ready
are you ready um they're going to give us salvation like you've never seen it give
me the next okay um one more for the gift um and
yeah okay give me the next go to the next one the next one's the gift this is just um he's explaining who he is that's
nice um thank you very much here's the gift are you ready this is what's unique
and this is something that Christians will not understand about their own text
right this is why if you talk to a modern-day Christian doesn't matter if Protestant or Catholic doesn't matter if
it's Evangelical or Methodist it doesn't matter um you talk to them
about this and they will give you a distortion this laughably bad because
they they're working off King James and newer International Version they're working off Anglo-Saxon crappy that's
the problem and here's the secret I'm going to give you a secret about seminarians okay take this down and
brainwash and then we'll bring it back um when I worked in seminary I picked up
certain ways I picked up the Vibes of the way
that theologians Bible study Scholars the way that you know pastors and Priests I
picked up a a way that they follow and one of the ways they follow
is they say that they use Greek but they don't that's number one
number two they rely upon faith and you say well no no you know yeah wake up um
they rely upon faith when they're exercising their reason when they are
reading ATT text they use a theological filter to see the
words and what I did as a as a seminary
instructor is um is to take off those those blindfolds to take off those
glasses those Rose Colored GL theological colored glasses you know
it's not a pretty thing at all but it taints so here we're getting the raw
naked text tonight that's what classes do it's like an autopsy right we're not there to bond
with the corps we're there to figure out what happened to it right if I am a if I
am a monest the logos the logos is that
text do you see in Antiquity in the in the original mystery religions that
preceded Christianity from which Christianity developed and used all of
their vocabulary words like Christ words like gospel words like
salvation in all of those earlier in all of those earlier forms
of uh the mystery the terms are being
set right when we get a Christ we know what that Christ is it's not like people would look at you when Jesus walks
around he's the Christ right here in the be opening of the Apocalypse it's The
Apocalypse of the Christ it's not like we people would scratch scratch your head and say what what is that what is
that right everybody knows what that is the theologian
can't see those realities because over his
vision and I have known one female Theologian but she was quite reasonable
um typically over a theologian Man's eyes are this Pride this excessive
smugness and here's the secret that can pop their reality they really don't work
with the evidence they really don't and when you bring the evidence to them it's
um it's you know embarrassing it's embarrassing and I learned this I
learned about this defense this theology never get into an argument satanic
congregation don't get into an argument they mean nothing and they will
always win right it's already done their mind is already settled I'm telling you
I have been there I have had that VR on that that monest VR and I have
participated I have sucked The Souls of those who were downtrod and
I've given them the hope of Christ and the Redemption of the blood of Christ I
have shown them that I have caused tears do you know what it's like to suck the
tears of somebody who suddenly comes to the psychic re realization that they
don't believe this stuff they're going to hell yeah oh you thought the whole love
thing nobody comes to Jesus Christ because of love
no conversions take place when people see that you're going to put them in
hell yeah listen up or you going to hell
fantastic you want to bet people are like no that's not the way let's give him the gift let's give him a gift are
you ready chewy punch him with a gift everybody satanic congregation visitors
tonight who are coming and there 633 of you and I appreciate everyone by the way
that reminds me Neil wanted me to say um that um this is the
666th year um after um something important I think I
forgotten had something to do with ammonius didn't it or no was it PlayOn I'm not sure I think it was plethon yeah
talk to Neil he's into the Renaissance now that guy is totally totally drunk on
the Renaissance now I love it I love it talking to him like yeah yeah oh yeah
give me some of that I love that what he's on I love it m okay ready Marios
here's your gift here's your gift for the evening this is why we came set the mood of the date right
maros an
now I'm going to stop there because this says and I'm bringing this to you
congregation are you ready blessed is the one who reads
out this prophecy and blessed are those who hear
it they're going to guard everything in it
now is the time isn't that here the words the words
of Amon isn't that nice now is the chyos now is the chyos do you know what
the Kos is to the great physician it's the point at which the
treatment will bring the Cure if you don't find the
kidos that's it you're doomed second death it's for you enjoy enjoy
enjoy your death are you ready it's okay we're here
at the cult and the cult is going to show us how to go through the death and
come back to life W it's crazy it's crazy can you see it you know what Jesus
is wearing at this point in the game he's wearing a lady's bra it's beautiful
and golden why is he wearing a ladies bra because
he's the Morning Star do you have problems with that do you see him Jesus let me give the I'm
sorry where is the shame on me shame on you woman for not letting the Christians
know that the first time you see your dude come back he's going to be wearing
a lady's bra where is he going to be wearing the lady's bra on his breasts that's what
the text says the apocalypse is the revelation of Jesus
Christ wearing a woman's [Music]
brauh why because he's the Morning Star fool learn how things are going okay
let's go Trevor you you darn Trey there the best character who who would oh the
other are idiots the other ones I agree Trevor is the way to go
go watch what's happening people where is all this cult coming from it's coming
from somebody's mouth and their mouth is
aatu Right their sto is a it's got wait is that the root
for Athena yes it is is the root for Athena and what is that Immortal mouth
that deathless mouth it is that which breathe the spirit
op that is the Divine mouth of she who founded the Mysteries this text that I
just showed you is pindar now remember according to the pastors the preachers
the theologians the teachers you cannot take what a Greek does and apply
it to what a Christian does why because they live in
bubbles history according to monest
teaching is a fairy tale where some people live in bubbles that keep them
insulated from everything around them and that's how the that's how life is and that's too bad if you don't
understand that uh faith faith faith faith faith right here's your unfortunate reality your unfortunate
reality is that the language can't sustain that language is
universal the forces that are acting on language they don't care that your neighbor is a different religion they
don't care yeah that's why language through
science overpowers all all of your BS oh can you feel it tonight people
feel that this is a temple of Reason baby this is a temple of reason those words that I just showed
you that's what comes out of the Founder's mouth who is the first
Christ she was a woman they called her media the root is to heal of her very
name to heal and to rule
oh my God isn't it gorgeous oh hit the oh yeah hit that's a beautiful image
chewy by the way thank you chewy for all your beautiful beautiful images um chewy
takes a lot of a lot of her time to bring you these gorgeous gorgeous images
and they all of course are packed you know with the the the goods do you know
what this says this is the divine Divine logos the Divine
word of media right this is that epos now when
you take the word logos and the Christians say it means word word word word right it means reason it means
accounting it means a reckoning right and it means
word and you say wait a minute Dan said if I pick one of these later definitions
I'm off you mean one Greek word can mean word and reason and Reckoning all at the
same time yes now for those of you who are growing take those three concepts
from your anglosaxon brain use the
force there we go um take those
Concepts and put them together word
yeah word you got it you understand word now take reason and combine word and
reason what kind of Offspring do you get from word and reason now take that
Offspring and combine that with Reckoning Reckoning as in an accounting
of something reckon Your Existence
logos do you know where this stuff is coming from when John says in the
beginning was the logos it's coming from this guy
heraclitus yeah among others he's one of the people who bats it around Who
develops the context uh I mean the the content of the word as it
grows imagine that now you cannot do this with Hebrew right the level that
you have got ancient Hebrew for those of you ancient Hebrew with its 8,000 words is compared to Greek with 1.5 milon now
estimated by the tlg holy Ma you can't get to this level that
you've got reason you've got accounting there's just not enough elements right
there's not enough balls and sticks to put together the molecules that you need complex molecules if you only have 8
th000 basic units you can't do anything with that I'm telling you a third grader has a 3,00 I mean a three-year-old has a
3,000 word capacity right 8,000 words is like his
his big sister right maybe she's in the fourth fifth grade maybe I don't know I
wouldn't put I don't know if I put her that eye have you seen that stuff and don't think that it's just an artifact
of ancient Hebrew the osin and the umbre are the same way Gilgamesh is the same way everybody oh the Epic of gilgames
brilliant yeah if you're in kindergarten have you read that
thing there's only so much you can do gilgames gilg boy if you're impressed by
Gilgamesh I got I've got some stuff that will cause you to be very
depressed very depressed the first thing it's going to do is going to depress the hell out of you because you and I are so
stupid so stupid right how can I say that with
absolute Authority how can I say that people sayou a genius [__] oh I
shouldn't have said that now it's not genius I know who I am
and I know Nemesis yeah and that gives me a a real
honorable um perspective on the world I have seen people who were
Geniuses I have read Sappo I've seen the glory of her own
music she made her own meter dudes at Oxford are trying to
figure it out right now to reconstruct it isn't that gorgeous what a genius that's genius
yeah yeah I'm G to cheat a little bit tonight and I'm going to give you what
the Muse is given me and you're going to think oh that's no it's not it's not
it's a gift people and do you want to be M do you want to be
blessed you listen and you guard right you listen and you guard and
who are you doing it for the Des po everybody in Greek Des po K yeah that queen of
culus queen of culus whose mouth is immortal the original
Christ was a woman and her name was
[Music] medicine God isn't that the most
beautiful thing think about reality for a minute people right think of what you've been shown with Jesus and the do
and the oh and the hot and the oh ouch
thirsty sabach th and boom he's dead Resurrected think of all of that and
realize that none of that would have been
possible without the woman who figured out the
drugs and how it is that we can kick you into a state of death and bring you back
and you can have a completely different understanding of what your existence
is that's why the second death has no
sting because you've been there you've seen and if you did it through the
mystery you were able to bring back that which will enable you to live a
new if I hadn't done it ciso said if I didn't do it I wouldn't be the same person I wouldn't be the same
person no
it's gorgeousness and gorgeios I love it I love it it's bring up the next one bring up the next one please after the
that's the last one that we did okay here it comes people are you ready for some heraclitis here we go the
apocalypse says John to the um to the seven churches in Asia right then
there's a greeting hottest and it raining peace and peace and grace to you
you know now we get the phrase
thenos that is formulaic from the one who is and was
and will be now you thought you Christians you thought okay this is ours
right this has got to be because we're talking about Yahoo and we're talking about the Old Testament as you call it
and this is one of his phrases the one who is and was and will be sorry
heraclitus heraclitus
heraclitus close the door close the door now people like Dan the theologians who
want to take you into the back alley in into the mental darkness of confusion
they'll tell you you can't compare herius to Jesus Christ they can't be
using the same uh yeah they can yeah they can just like you can use
your neighbors Expressions that's called language
bruh go what is what is happening here he's the one who's coming what is he doing and look at the look at the last
line kopon HEPA Paton there are these what there are these seven spirits they're
before his throne did you know the Holy Spirit was divided into seven what is
that Holy Spirit doing there look the editor here even was so guilty about not
recognizing the holy spirit that he capitalized this is Nestle and Allen
that he capitalized pmon at the bottom just so
you would know ah we're talking about the spirit but this one is in seven
forms and I hold Seven Stars in my hand give me the next one here's the original
people this is heraclitis and what does he say he
says you hear the
must I'm gonna bring out a little bit of that dag yeah what does that mean what
does that means you're gonna be surprised he says the Mysteries that we
currently understand these things practiced in a way that is
Unholy in a way that is Unholy drugs sex Christ drugs sex
Christ Unholy what does it say underneath that give me the very next one I'm going to
move down you're going to be surprised who did you think was associated with salvation who did you think I'll use it
in a minute who did you think was associated with salvation
right if I'm going to translate this is number 34 if they do
not what if they do not what if they do not bring the hymn and the procession to
dionis along with the song and celebration of the I
do what is that idon mean means private
parts you mean we hem the private parts in bakic religion yes and what does it
what does it say it then goes on to say and what what do they do they put people into
mania and they put them into the lenan
Ecstasy wait a minute these are drug terms right yes these are cult
Associated terms that indicate a change in mental Behavior a change in mental
perception a change in an understanding of
reality okay um what does Plutarch says at the B say at the bottom he says Hey anox
lord lord of the Oracle that is in dely
he speaks right and what happens oh I'm
sorry I'm sorry he doesn't speak and he doesn't hide but he
Saye he signifies he seals he seals and signifies that's what
the lord of the Oracle does and remember the first Jewish religious
structure is A tes Aran it's an oracle
producing tent this is talking about the origins of everything that is
Judaism everything and in turn what Christianity
developed marvelous did you know Judaism and Christianity I don't know if Judaism and Christianity would like to be would
like to know this about themselves but they were born from the same name
parents isn't that neat isn't that neat I don't know if everybody would like
that or not but um whether you like it or not they're codependent right and when we have
people translating Greek texts into Hebrew just to say we've got original
Hebrew text the Christians have to prop that up right or else they both fall short right
and the pagans were just just no just
whatever don't try to tear that on the government we don't care give me the next one um boom lastly
what is he oh no there was the there was a message in that there we go watch this what does Plutarch say plutarch's the
priest by the way what are you Apollo you're one who
neither speaks nor do you hide but you signify
you seal now watch this go to the next one why does that matter you think oh
this stuff is not there oh before we get there one more one more we'll see the signify in a second but Watch What
Happens I'm just going to translate this for the one and you see the two daggers in that first line after the number six
those two daggers mean there something Goofy and it's a little bit hard to um to translate it right but there for the
one who is they will be raised again to become
guardians Guardians of the living and of
the Dead oh okay that was heraclitus people if
you want to understand the apocalypse and you have not read presocratic
philosophy you're going to miss maybe 60% of the vocabulary right away you're
not even going to know what that vocabulary is for we are squarely sitting in a mystery initiation we're in
the cult and these words this is the evidence of the crime scene let's do it
let's do it it's too bad the theologians don't ever catch up but they don't typically they don't um it's the faith
thing right it's the same reason sisters of frustration never become
fulfilled it's the faith it's the faith and you do it because of your fear
you are afraid of hell but watch what's GNA happen to hell
I'll show you what we're going to do to hell are you ready give me the next one watch this and uh uh um witness yeah who
who is just Jesus Christ look at the second line he's that firstborn what is
he the firstborn of now you think about that he's the first born of God right no
no he's not he's not theologically that may match what you like but he is not he
is the only born of
God am I reaching not yet it'll come it'll come
we'll get there um sorry did you set that when you can't okay let's go what
is he he's the firstborn necron the you hear you know necro in
there and you know it has to do with dead necrofilia man necron are corpses
right people who have deceased who have died he's the firstborn of the Dead did
you know that was Jesus Christ's title it was his cult title firstborn of the
dead of course he had to resurrect right cuz he's the the firstborn of the
dead and what else king of these Kings Ryan of course he is give me the next
one that word that word is very important and you cannot dismiss it and
say oh the Cults are using the same terms uh but the Christians H
something's different you know think about Christianity this way this is how Christians see their own history right
um gas woke up one morning and went and listened to a preacher and maybe it was
Peter right right after he killed ananas and Safar for their money and he's sitting out there listening to them and
he's like oh this stuff really makes sense and I don't want to go to hell so
I'm gonna I'm gonna follow this to wherever it goes now all of my words are
not going to be what they were before I am not going to use Pagan ideas
I am not going to use Pagan words magically I am going to speak
those Pagan words but they will have Christian meanings because of my
faith is that what you want you want Faith here come here come here you're
going to hell you're going to
[Music] hell what's happening
give me the next one I think I've taken us into a different place is there a dimensional Rift somewhere in
here and what if we now we're priests man we are priests glory and power into
the ions of ions says the Christian into
the ions of the ions do you even know what that means do you think the person sitting there in church this
weekend making their symbols feeling their prayers oh Jesus forgive me this
three times this week I saw Patty next door oh God I wish you wouldn't wear
what she's wearing oh the spirit of the devil can you forgive me Lord Jesus you know
they're praying like that right right um and do you think that they understand
what the expression does Dan I challenge you I challenge you Dan what does it mean into the ions of
ions Dan will say from his Seminary training oh that's the word for Eternal
like eternal life Dan Dan and all you theologians out
there what the heck does it mean to say
into the eternities can you really have a plural etern
ET isn't eternity already everything how can you have two
everything isn't the one everything also the other
everything when you say eternal life when you walk into that church today and that preacher is up there that
misogynous guy is up there and he's like oh you need to repent you need to repent
of your crimes cuz you are the Sodom and Gamora of the modern world you need to
repent Praise Jesus he'll forgive you all your Sodom mytic
ways goric Tendencies you got them sh not
me right um that person do you think that person really understands the
concept of a plurality of ion I don't think so but you as an
initiate you have ionic Vision you know
what your completion is you've experienced your completion and thanks
to that Christ the first person who was ever referred to as having been a Christ
thank you diogenes for showing us this uh not diogenes um diodorus culus thank
you Di adoris who by the way is is about a hundred years before
Jesus yeah so the terminology is there and he's referring to the first Christ
and it turns out it's the woman who gave us salvation whose name means
medicine yeah she is the Prototype and that's why Jesus is now wearing her
golden bra do you
see the monism of Judaism and the monism
of Christianity are Replacements of a sacred feminine
voice I'll say that one more time the monism of Judaism the monism of
Christianity are the direct off spring of Lady
Babylon now you understand why they don't want to come out of the closet now
you understand what happens what happens when your world is
tipped upside down you don't worry you're disoriented
you just have to accept breathe breathe the reality take a breath
breathe the reality give it give me the next one give me the next one what
is it's not working chewy forget about it um I'm just gonna
have to exist in this zone of Bless yeah this is into the I ions of
ions let's go on people are like you know what I need a climax here I need some kind of Crescendo to something that
oh we got the purple bag give it to me hey pay attention he's coming in the
clouds now that's what you know people would say what the it's a kind of a nice
picture they'll draw it with Jesus and he's W he's in the clouds right and he's coming it doesn't
say in the clouds though it says with the clouds says with the clouds in all fairness I'll let you theologians figure
that out but when you're surrounded by clouds every eye can see him
and especially those who pricked him who
wait what those who pricked them they the um people theologians will say oh
it's referring to crucifixion no it's not no it's not there's no crucifixion
in this word there is no crucifixion give me the next one give me the next
one there is no crucifixion in this word what is in it oh here's the clouds here's the clouds let's go on from the
clouds look look at that the bottom one is nice the alchemical sublimate isn't that neat call those clouds ah it
doesn't matter here is the verb that it's from people K and it's just got an
intensifier on the front of it so it's like really really K and what do you do
when you kto something you sting it you sting it do you remember Paul what does
Paul have he's got that stinging in his socks Oh My Flesh Pastor please Jesus
Christ save me save me Pastor from this stinging
flesh he asked God three times give it to me this dude Paul who
is immune to Viper ventim ask God three times please don't let me continue to do
this and God said to him shut up my grace is sufficient my strength
multiplied in weakness AA is the word in Greek in
weakness when you go under you will find
AA you will be unable to move and this is necessary to bring you to
death do you see why why God allowed Paul to
continue There was a great City in Antiquity called
thieves some of the some of the best things in the world came out of
Thieves like the worship of dionisis and the grave of his
mother the son of God yeah yeah and where did that
Brilliance come from came from baskets They Carried around with
serpents and medical applicators for retile administration of drugs do you
know who founded the city of thieves was a singer and he did it with
the teeth of the Dragon the teeth of the Dragon the teeth
of the Dragon are what you need to enter into the mystery you must be stung and
that is why Yahoo's grace is sufficient please please Yahoo take this
away from me take this boy cup away from me nevertheless not my will but yours be
done that city was founded through those practices that
involved the Seven Stars that I hold in my
hand right if you are ever if you are ever on
the verge of death hold up the
serpent raise up the serpent undertake the work of the serpent
you'll drink that death inducer says Jesus and
it will do nothing to you do you know what Jesus the one product was that
Jesus Christ endorsed in the Bible it's not any sort of Chariot it's
not any sort of accounting Abacus it's not any sort of drugs that
you can buy in the Roman marketplace the one thing he endorsed was a drug
that only the mystery initiates will have experienced these are people who
were born again and Jesus Christ said you will use these drugs and they will
not hurt you okay what are you doing if you come over to my place and I've got
my 12 children and we're doing our initiations oh Apostles or children right um students M time anyway um I say
children they can be teenagers too so um you know somewhere in that range
students and um if I'm there with my 12 students maybe I'm washing their feet so
I've already taken off my clothes and um the little towel that I wrapped around my private parts I'm
going to as I wash the foot and then dry it I'm going to take that towel off and I'm going to wash that foot right in
front of myself totally totally naked right what's John looking at while you're washing his
foot you'll ask yourself the question have these people done
it and the answer is the ones that are born again have been sunk in death and
resurrected those are the TR True Believers those are the true um if
you're not willing to enter into death and
Resurrection um you're never going to make it through the right you're you're never going to make it there's too much
fear involved there if you fear for your life that much you're not going to be able to do this yeah unless we hold you
down and do it forcefully to you but you know although you could argue they're
doing doing that at the cave of tronus and because they just drop you in there and then you're around the snakes
and you're on the hallucina JY and you know next thing you know you're screaming there's no way out it's totally pitch black dark You could argue
that that's really not voluntary kind of but you have to be willing if you are
a Christian and you love Jesus Christ you'll love the christing you'll
understand what it is and you'll follow that what we have today with theology
the apocalypse tonight is showing us we don't have what we used to this is not
Christianity is not the mystery religion it once was Judaism is not the religious
mystery that it once was yeah
yeah we have to reconcile the fact that our conceptions of our own past are not the
reality this is the mystery for you to look into that mirror and for you to see
I am not what I thought I was you're a
wake and unafraid that's what they used to say about it this person now who's been initiated is awake and unafraid
God is that gorgeous give me the next one we need to we need to um touch off
here people people are like oh my God the taxes are endless let's finish up
right okay um skip this one I want to go quick this is the yep there's the biting and I I just want yep fine that's the
stinging right the stinging um here's some bees and wasp for you that's great give me the next one um it also what is
that stinging associated with P which means to in and what does it mean to in why did
they translate this into Latin because they were um Victorian prudes and to in
literally means to go into um to enter into someone you know
what I'm talking about um to co to enter into it
together right as a as a pair right look who it refers to right away we get
Aristophanes right oh that's nice passively it's used of the woman are we
getting closer right do you understand where that sting comes from do you
understand right okay I've been stung let's get it let's get it that's
literally what it says and here's Paul I just want to skip to the end here's I notice on the third line down angulos
satana who is Paul when Paul is doing his drugs he's on the Venom and he's got
the star what does he do what what happens he's entering into a place where
he gets an Angelos and the the the the title of
these angoy is p
p who's this one sat who's Paul call who's Paul's personal Angel you didn't
know this you didn't know Satan was Paul's personal angel
when he said he got to the third heaven and he was like oh I don't know if it was actually there or not
right right I don't know whether it was just an illusion or or whether it was a
reality I don't know whether I was physically there I don't know right people listen to Paul the Apostle and
they they talk about him like he's the biggest brain on the planet let me tell you something you put Paul the Apostle
next to an EP minute and he's going to crush him they both quoted the same thing by the way they
both quoted media both Paul and epines quoted media all katans are liars
right he couldn't hold a candle Paul couldn't hold a candle you remember what he said he said I was in that
state I don't know if I was in my body but I was in that heaven right
right whatever level that he went to because there's different levels and you look at me you be like that's now first
of all the the the person of faith will say h I can see how that could be the person
of not Faith would be like what the hell does that mean right what do you mean there's different levels apparently
apparently when you go through the death process and are brought back by these drugs apparently you can access and see
the structure there's a divine structur to the cosmos ruled by
diones oh my God are you kidding me no and he's talking about that Vision
people used to say you mean there's drugs in the New Testament oh my god um where are there not drugs when you're
using a term like Christ which is a drug term Paul is going up dude that guy's
they noticed this dude is is is um by the way this is the perfect question to
ask next time you're with one of your one of your um monest friends you know
and maybe they start talking about praise this and praise that um ask them
why is Paul immune to Venom immune to snake venom is there something funny why
is Jesus telling people hey you can use Venom and it won't hurt you are you guys
a part of a drug cult the answer is yes give me the last we're going to go to this last I wanted you
guys to see the title almond is your mind an apple of the aspari garden
that's gorgeous who said that it was cius gorgeous gorgeous love
it oh yeah oh yeah who's that Apple for by the
way right Eyes Are Open Eyes Are Open you want the fruit God is a total liar
every everybody knows Yahoo is a liar right what did he say you eat that fruit you're G to die you're G to die um Satan
says no huh you're not going to die no your eyes are going to be open much to the contrary you're G to see things like
he does like they do the divinities do did you know their plural you're GNA see
things like the gods yeah and you'll be naked right and sure enough that's you know sure enough
you know Devil's word was good why you know it's to sit in that position to sit
in that position and guard that fruit if he was ugly would have been
much better he should have picked the ugliest angel in knew Alfred the ugly anglosaxon
Angel that's who he should have picked right to guard that free she would have looked at Alfred and been like oh God
right no it was the devil and he was the best looking what do you think go what a
dummy Yahoo is dumb he's just playing out dumb if a full third of your own
people decide that you're dumb and they follow the good-look dude
who seems to have his act together by the way Kane is not Adam's
child oh my God what do we have here this is the power this is the power in
turning that um that right Tei that completion that initiation bringing in
the AA right you ever seen somebody on opium like in an opium den you ever see those
pictures right opium dens look them up what do you see
AA the AAA is absolutely necessary um
I'm the alpha and the Omega I am the one who is the one who was and
the one who will be I am the pantor and everybody will tell you every
Theologian will tell you oh this is from Almighty in Hebrew oh no let's see what
they did let's see how bad look at the Greek look at how much this word is used do you know what a Ponto gr do you know
what those are those those are the
fates you you mean it yeah Ponto
PTO the verb wait what was the second one you said
PTO you know what that is that is the original right
Yahoo right is that Ponto do you know before they called
yahooo that do you know who else they called that uh they called fusus give me the
next slide give me that big beautiful one look at this people it's an orphic hymn to Nature and if you look down on
the left hand side you're going to see the one two three fourth line down
Ponto do you know who nature is she's urania you mean she's Venus yes and do
you do you know what they call called her they called her the same thing that
the Jews and Christians called their Divinity they
took her title which was already established and they reworked it into a
dude you mean the all powerful refers to
a woman yes it does and Juda is
and Christianity took that woman and made her a
man think about that they took her and made her a man okay let's um I just want
to show you that connection look we've got a bunch more I'm gonna have to cut those I'm gonna have to cut those you know what I want to do I want to
continue this next time because now I've got a little bit of my goat I've got a little bit of my goat and I've got the
feeling there that we need to just pause for a minute we've already been an hour and 13 minutes into this um I'm going to
have to have a number two to this because that blessedness that you will have from
reading and from hearing is coming to life I'm G to show that to you and I
want you to see that but for right now I want us to thank just to pause to stop
and I want us to thank of the goat right penelopy please don't forget the
cross the purpose of the Cross is to hide a multitude of sin you must keep
your eyes in the cult focused on what that cross
covers because it is your sin that is
covering thank you Penelope thank you for showing us the cross thank you for
coming tonight I want to tell you um things are starting to pick up in the
pace as you can see and we have a wonderful crowd of 822 that's the Fantastic place to be
fantastic listen people I'm gonna say this with all humility I appreciate the fact that you
would come here and you would want to access this information I appreciate the fact that
you would trust me to bring you those sources that is the greatest honor that
any mortal could ever have to guard The
Muse is everything there are people out there who want you to buy a fairy
tale a reality that doesn't exist their own reality the secret to answering
these people people the secret to bringing the end of
monism is not running the secret is facing it and
showing them who they are in reality thank you for coming tonight
it's my honor to serve this community hail Satan something in the
wind lightning hit you near Fred to little bits there's Satan in the chorus
try some you one more knock knock I'm at the door GG Penny wise put the twinkle
in your eyes Jesus on the cross from harming little ones don't mess with the
kids media she will come which Queen of the Dragons media Mama Mia dreams come
through Mya she'll knock you on the re put something in your beer hot purple
they eat fetus bleed out skin go deeper Jeepers to the creepers smoking sensia
ancient Greek we reader Venom from the tea bloody Uzi Seer Grim to the reaper
lavender media indaia hit you on the
Beeper poison hit you with a kiss dring Venom drip F gripping her lip Mich
poison hit you with a kiss dring vom drip F gripping her lip poison this hit you
with a kiss dring phom drip F gripping her lip poisoness hit you with a kiss
dring fom DP F gripping the lip